
Custom Modules for Viva!

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- Viva! Shipping (viva_shipping)

  This module creates a Viva shipping method and two shipping services - standard and express.

  The standard shipping cost is calculated by examining the line items for each order and adding
  up the order value for 'standard' (ie not free shipping or bottled) items. This value is then
  compared to a (hard coded) matrix which determines the cost.

  The shipping type for each product is determined by the field_delivery_charge value which is a
  term id within the 'Shipping Category' taxonomy vocabulary (note that the machine name is 
  shipping_category for this vocabulary).

  If there are any drinks on the order then the cost for this is calculated based on the total
  cases contained in the order. Again this is hard coded.

  The express service uses the same logic as the standard service but just adds a premium.

  Non-UK addresses have the EU rates applied.

  Note that if field_delivery_charge tid is not set for a product then the module will assume
  that standard shipping applies.

  NOTES

  - TODO: Admin option - would be useful for turning on debug
  - TODO: Case/drinks pricing still not clarified. Currently counts quantities based on taxonomy (bottle/case) but
    we need to clear up definitions
  - Can we use one of the service callbacks to set the service description on the fly to show how shipping calculated
  - TODO: Double check that we're picking up the line item cost correctly (in viva_shipping_get_order_data)
    currently calculating as qty * unit but I *think* the line value has already been calculated
    and we can access and use that - importantly it might have been adjusted for discounts etc
  - Would be nice not to have the hard coded values. I believe there is an option to pass
    back variables via the callbacks but I haven't looked into this.
  - Optionally we could just present the express shipping option as a checkbox (via shipping service callback)
  - Optionally we could create an EU shipping service and use rules to select it - might be more flexible but
    implies that we'll need to negate the standard and free shipping - hmm - on balance might be easier to
    leave this as it is.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- Viva! Case Sizes (viva_cases)

  This module provides a mechanism to ensure that customers can only order bottled products in full
  case quantites.

  Products that have to be ordered in these case quantities are identified by having the field
  field_delivery_charge (which is a term reference to the 'Shipping Category' taxonomy vocabulary)
  set to 'Drinks (Bottle)'.

  Cases size and the enforcement of this resitriction can be administered via the custom admin
  form at admin/commerce/config/viva-cases.

  NOTES

  - Should Viva's requirements change it may be necessary at some stage to use a different mechanism
    for identifying the products that we need to check. At the moment the logic aligns with the 
    shipping.



